Add tutorial for caching of static assets (#4342)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Tutorials/index.md

This tutorial explains how to host multiple sites from one project/installation of Umbraco.

## [Cache Static Assets](Cache-Static-Assets/)

> This tutorial explains how to cache static assets in Umbraco.

Reviewer: I don't think the article qualifies as a tutorial 🤔 Or, if that's the intention, I think some more explanation and detail should be added to the article.

In any case, perhaps this should reflect the content in the article a little better:

```suggestion
This sample shows how to cache static assets in Umbraco.
```
